values: Add Customer Empathy (#783)
flowforge/website: src/handbook/company/values.md

1. Provide timely feedback: it is better to address things when they are fresh in our minds and quicker to remedy.
1. Assume positive intent when receiving feedback. When you feel defensive it’s OK to
 respond later.
1. <a id="optimism">Be optimistic</a>, treat situations as if a positive outcome is always possible.
1. Be open and honest about your own mistakes, take ownership of them and their resolve.
1. Appreciate each other. Say thanks often, preferably in public.

> ### 🤝 Customer Empathy
> 
> 1. Be curious: Understanding starts with asking questions. Aim to get a deep understanding of their desires.
> 1. It’s about the customer: pay attention to competitors, obsess over customers.
> 1. We listen to their feedback and respond quickly and respectfully. Customers can be frustrated, or potentially seem unreasonable. [Apply optimism](#optimism), and be friendly.
> 1. We show empathy, and our solutions aim to solve their problems effectively and efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🤝 Customer Empathy

1. Focus on the customer: We want them to be successful.
1. Be curious, not judgemental: Understanding starts with asking questions. Aim to get a deep understanding of their desires and motivations.
1. Listen to feedback and respond quickly and respectfully. Customers may be frustrated or potentially seem unreasonable - we are here to listen and help them move forward.  [Apply optimism](#optimism), and be friendly.
1. Show empathy in all interactions and choices. Our solutions aim to solve customer problems effectively and efficiently.
```

Slight rewording and reordering - putting Focus on the customer first.

Author: @knolleary The thing I like about the "customer obsession" value copied from Amazon is the fact it disallows reasoning that copies competition without understanding what the customer wants. I'd agree obsession is a bit much.

What about

```suggestion
### 🤝 Customer Empathy

1. Focus on the customer: We want them to be successful. Pay attention to competition, but put the customer first.
1. Be curious, not judgemental: Understanding starts with asking questions. Aim to get a deep understanding of their desires and motivations.
1. Listen to feedback and respond quickly and respectfully. Customers may be frustrated or potentially seem unreasonable - we are here to listen and help them move forward.  [Apply optimism](#optimism), and be friendly.
1. Show empathy in all interactions and choices. Our solutions aim to solve customer problems effectively and efficiently.
```
